hey everybody and welcome to the Wolfe
pit tonight we're gonna make some beef
and bean burritos I'm not really
shooting for an authentic recipe this is
just going to be the way I'm going to
make them tonight so what we have here
so far is we got two pounds of frozen
80/20 ground beef so we're going to melt
this down and brown it up all right
ground beef is all browned up and
there's not really a lot of fat in this
so it was 80/20 but there's shirt on a
lot of fat in there so I look at my
branding now what I'm going to do is add
in one large yellow onion chopped up and
one medium bell pepper chopped up now
I'm going to add in our seasonings so
I've got two teaspoons of black pepper
tablespoon of granulated garlic a
teaspoon of salt a tablespoon of oregano
teaspoon of cumin and about three
tablespoons of chili powder
all right now I'm going to add in about
a cup of salsa in one can of undrained
black beans this is just my preference I
hear a lot of people grilling me a
little bit about not draining the beans
but I like to juice in the beans all
right now we're gonna add in about about
a cup and a half of cooked rice all
right we got our burrito filling all
done all the moisture is pretty much
soaked up all right so we're going to
put about a half a cup of filling inside
the burrito they want to sprinkle that
with some cheese and now we're going to
roll it up squeeze it tight
fold it over
and rolled up
as important you heat up your shelves
just a little bit before you roll them
up otherwise we're going to crack
alright our beef and bean burritos are
done and you could you could top these
with guacamole salsa sour cream
jalapenos what-have-you I'm just gonna
eat them plain tonight so we're gonna go
ahead and bust into one of these and see
how they turned out mmm very meaty very
cheesy mmm very good nope thank you guys
very much for watching and we'll see you
next time